feat(changelog): iam-added-iam-events-in-audit-trail 2025-03-28 (#4730)
scaleway/docs-content: changelog/march2025/2025-03-28-iam-added-iam-events-in-audit-trail.mdx

---

> title: IAM Events in Audit Trail

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: IAM events in Audit Trail
```

status: added
date: 2025-03-28
category: security-identity
product: iam
---

> ### What's included:
> * Track IAM principals (User, Application, Group) creation, editing, deletion, and configuration changes
> * Monitor changes in permissions through policy changes
> * See all actions performed on Members
> 
> ### Key benefits:
> * Full visibility within 2 seconds of action completion
> * Complete audit logs with user IDs, timestamps
> * Simple filtering by action type and principal
> * One-month log retention
> 
> Access this feature in the [Audit Trail section](https://console.scaleway.com/audit-trail/) of the Scaleway console.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### What is included
You can now:

- Track IAM principals (User, Application, Group) creation, edition, deletion, and configuration changes
- Monitor changes in permissions through policy changes
- See all actions performed on Members

Find out more about the IAM supported Audit Trail endpoints in the [dedicated documentation](/audit-trail/reference-content/adt-supported-endpoints/#iam).

### Key benefits

- Full visibility within 2 seconds of action completion
- Complete audit logs with user IDs and timestamps
- Simple filtering by action type and principal
- One-month log retention

Access this feature in the [Audit Trail section](https://console.scaleway.com/audit-trail/) of the Scaleway console.
```
